
10.1002%2Fpam.22038
-------------------
jackchristen:	Ferman, B., & Pinto, C 
tonyli0409:	

jackchristen:	Ferman, B., & Pinto, C 
tonyli0409:	

jackchristen:	Ferman and Pinto 
tonyli0409:	

jackchristen:	Ferman-Pinto 
tonyli0409:	

jackchristen:	Ferman and Pinto 
tonyli0409:	


10.1111%2Fj.1467-6419.2007.00527.x
-------------------
mrcyndns:	Abadie, A., Drukker, D., Leber Herr, J. and Imbens, G 
tonyli0409:	Becker, S.O. and Ichino, A / Leuven, E. and Sianesi, B / Becker and Ichino / Leuven and Sianesi / Abadie et al

mrcyndns:	Becker and Caliendo 
tonyli0409:	Becker, S.O. and Ichino, A / Leuven, E. and Sianesi, B / Becker and Ichino / Leuven and Sianesi / Abadie et al


10.1111%2Fkykl.12165
-------------------
tonyli0409:	Verardi, V., and Croux, C 
jackchristen:	

tonyli0409:	Verardi and Croux 
jackchristen:	


10.1080%2F13504851.2016.1167817
-------------------
tonyli0409:	Coelli, T. J 
jackchristen:	

tonyli0409:	Coelli 
jackchristen:	


10.1111%2Fsjpe.12150
-------------------
tonyli0409:	BLACKWELL, M., IACUS, S. M., KING, G. and PORRO, G 
slungu99:	

tonyli0409:	HAINMUELLER, J. and XU, Y 
slungu99:	

tonyli0409:	Blackwell et al 
slungu99:	

tonyli0409:	Hainmueller and Xu 
slungu99:	


a2008-39-NAT_BIOTECHNOL
-------------------
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health 
brentbiglin:	

jcsick:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

jcsick:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

jcsick:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

mrcyndns:	Molecular Devices 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

mrcyndns:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

mrcyndns:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

mrcyndns:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health 
mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Molecular Devices

mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

mjsong1201:	Molecular Devices 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

raghu-achukola:	Molecular Devices 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

raghu-achukola:	Chang BioScience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

raghu-achukola:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

raghu-achukola:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

shruthikrish:	Molecular Devices 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

shruthikrish:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

shruthikrish:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

shruthikrish:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

skshenoy:	Molecular Devices 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

skshenoy:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

skshenoy:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

skshenoy:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

luculentdig:	Chang Bioscience 
skkk9705:	National Institutes of Health

jcsick:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

jcsick:	National Institutes of Health 
brentbiglin:	

jcsick:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

jcsick:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	Molecular Devices 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	National Institutes of Health 
brentbiglin:	

mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

mjsong1201:	Molecular Devices 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	Molecular Devices 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	Chang BioScience 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	National Institutes of Health 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	Molecular Devices 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	National Institutes of Health 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	Molecular Devices 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	National Institutes of Health 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

luculentdig:	National Institutes of Health 
brentbiglin:	

luculentdig:	Chang Bioscience 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	Molecular Devices 
jcsick:	Chang Bioscience / National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience

jcsick:	National Institutes of Health 
mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Molecular Devices

mjsong1201:	Molecular Devices 
jcsick:	Chang Bioscience / National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience

raghu-achukola:	Molecular Devices 
jcsick:	Chang Bioscience / National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience

shruthikrish:	Molecular Devices 
jcsick:	Chang Bioscience / National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience

skshenoy:	Molecular Devices 
jcsick:	Chang Bioscience / National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience

mrcyndns:	National Institutes of Health 
mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Molecular Devices

mrcyndns:	Molecular Devices 
luculentdig:	National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience

raghu-achukola:	National Institutes of Health 
mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Molecular Devices

shruthikrish:	National Institutes of Health 
mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Molecular Devices

skshenoy:	National Institutes of Health 
mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Molecular Devices

mjsong1201:	Molecular Devices 
luculentdig:	National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience

luculentdig:	National Institutes of Health 
mjsong1201:	Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Chang Bioscience / Molecular Devices

raghu-achukola:	Molecular Devices 
luculentdig:	National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience

shruthikrish:	Molecular Devices 
luculentdig:	National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience

skshenoy:	Molecular Devices 
luculentdig:	National Institutes of Health / Chang Bioscience


a2004-40-NAT_GENET
-------------------
shruthikrish:	Hubbard, T.et al 
mjsong1201:	

jlcohoon:	Hubbard, T.et al 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Hubbard, T. et al 
mjsong1201:	


a2000-04-MOL_ECOL
-------------------
raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Swofford & Selander 1981 
mjsong1201:	

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
mjsong1201:	

mrcyndns:	Swofford & Selander 
mjsong1201:	

jcsick:	Swofford and Selander 
mjsong1201:	

skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander 
mjsong1201:	

shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander 
mjsong1201:	

skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander 
mjsong1201:	

raghu-achukola:	Swofford & Selander 1981 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford & Selander 
raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford & Selander 1981

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford & Selander 1981 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

jcsick:	Swofford and Selander 
raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford & Selander 1981

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford & Selander 1981 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander 
raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford & Selander 1981

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford & Selander 1981 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander 
raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford & Selander 1981

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

raghu-achukola:	Swofford & Selander 1981 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander 
raghu-achukola:	Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford & Selander 1981

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford & Selander 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

jcsick:	Swofford and Selander 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford DL, Selander RB / Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL, Selander RB 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

jcsick:	Swofford and Selander 
skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander

skkk9705:	Swofford & Selander 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

jcsick:	Swofford and Selander 
shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander

shruthikrish:	Swofford & Selander 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander

jcsick:	Swofford and Selander 
skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander

skshenoy:	Swofford & Selander 
jcsick:	Swofford and Selander


a2007-48-UNDERSEA_HYPERBAR_M
-------------------
skkk9705:	Microsoft Corp 
brentbiglin:	Microsoft

brentbiglin:	Microsoft 
skkk9705:	Microsoft Corp

brentbiglin:	Microsoft 
jcsick:	Microsoft Corp

jcsick:	Microsoft Corp 
brentbiglin:	Microsoft

brentbiglin:	Microsoft 
mrcyndns:	Microsoft Corp

mrcyndns:	Microsoft Corp 
brentbiglin:	Microsoft

brentbiglin:	Microsoft 
mjsong1201:	Microsoft Corp

mjsong1201:	Microsoft Corp 
brentbiglin:	Microsoft

brentbiglin:	Microsoft 
shruthikrish:	Microsoft Corp

shruthikrish:	Microsoft Corp 
brentbiglin:	Microsoft

brentbiglin:	Microsoft 
skshenoy:	Microsoft Corp

skshenoy:	Microsoft Corp 
brentbiglin:	Microsoft


a2001-40-MOL_ECOL
-------------------
luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Excoffier et al 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	David Posada 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Posada & Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	StatSoft,Inc 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	StatSoft,Inc 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mjsong1201:	Excoffier et al 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mjsong1201:	StatSoft 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	David Posada 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Posada & Crandall 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier et al 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	StatSoft 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	Thompson et al 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier et. al 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	StatSoft,Inc 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jlcohoon:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

jlcohoon:	Excoffier et al 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	Excoffier et al 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

skkk9705:	StatSoft 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

shruthikrish:	Thompson et al 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

shruthikrish:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

luculentdig:	Perkin Elmer 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

skshenoy:	Excoffier et al 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

skshenoy:	StatSoft,Inc 
luculentdig:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	David Posada 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Posada& Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Excoffier et al 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	StatSoft,Inc 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Excoffier et al 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	StatSoft,Inc 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mjsong1201:	StatSoft 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	David Posada 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Posada& Crandall 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	StatSoft 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

raghu-achukola:	Thompson et al 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

raghu-achukola:	StatSoft,Inc 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcyndns:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

skkk9705:	StatSoft 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcyndns:	Excoffier et al 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

shruthikrish:	Thompson et al 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcyndns:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	StatSoft,Inc 
mrcyndns:	Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Swofford DL / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Swofford DL 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	David Posada 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada & Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	StatSoft,Inc 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	David Posada 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Posada& Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Excoffier et al 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	StatSoft 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	StatSoft,Inc 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier et al 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	StatSoft 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Thompson et al 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	David Posada 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Posada & Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier et. al 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jlcohoon:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

jlcohoon:	David Posada 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

jlcohoon:	Posada& Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

jlcohoon:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

jlcohoon:	Excoffier et al 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mrcynds:	StatSoft,Inc 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

skkk9705:	David Posada 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

skkk9705:	Posada& Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

skkk9705:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

skkk9705:	Excoffier et al 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

skkk9705:	StatSoft 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mrcynds:	StatSoft,Inc 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

shruthikrish:	Thompson et al 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

shruthikrish:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

shruthikrish:	David Posada 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

shruthikrish:	Posada& Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

shruthikrish:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	David Posada 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	Posada& Crandall 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	Swofford 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	Excoffier et al 
mrcynds:	Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / Thompson JD, Higgins DG, Gibson TJ / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Swofford DL 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	StatSoft,Inc 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Excoffier et al 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	StatSoft 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Swofford DL 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	David Posada 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada & Crandall 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	StatSoft,Inc 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier et al 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	StatSoft 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Swofford DL 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Thompson et al 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier et. al 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Swofford DL 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jlcohoon:	Excoffier et al 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Swofford DL 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

brentbiglin:	StatSoft,Inc 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

skkk9705:	Excoffier et al 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

skkk9705:	StatSoft 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Swofford DL 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

brentbiglin:	StatSoft,Inc 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

shruthikrish:	Thompson et al 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Swofford DL 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	Excoffier et al 
brentbiglin:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Swofford DL / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	David Posada 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Posada& Crandall 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	StatSoft 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Thompson et al 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	StatSoft,Inc 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

mjsong1201:	StatSoft 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jlcohoon:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mjsong1201:	Excoffier et al 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

mjsong1201:	StatSoft 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

shruthikrish:	Thompson et al 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

shruthikrish:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Excoffier 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	Perkin Elmer 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

mjsong1201:	StatSoft 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skshenoy:	StatSoft,Inc 
mjsong1201:	Sinauer Associates / Excoffier / Perkin Elmer / Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	StatSoft 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Thompson et al 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	David Posada 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Posada & Crandall 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	StatSoft,Inc 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jcsick:	StatSoft 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jlcohoon:	David Posada 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jlcohoon:	Posada& Crandall 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	David Posada 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	Posada& Crandall 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	Excoffier et al 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jcsick:	StatSoft 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

shruthikrish:	Thompson et al 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

shruthikrish:	David Posada 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

shruthikrish:	Posada& Crandall 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	Posada and Crandall 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jcsick:	StatSoft 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	David Posada 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skshenoy:	Posada& Crandall 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skshenoy:	StatSoft,Inc 
jcsick:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / Posada and Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

raghu-achukola:	Thompson et al 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Thompson et al 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

raghu-achukola:	StatSoft,Inc 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

skkk9705:	StatSoft 
raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA / Posada D, Crandall KA / Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM / Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada & Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et. al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier et. al 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	StatSoft,Inc 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Posada D, Crandall KA 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Excoffier L, Smouse PE, Quattro JM 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

raghu-achukola:	Thompson et al 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

jlcohoon:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

skkk9705:	StatSoft 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

jlcohoon:	Excoffier et al 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

shruthikrish:	Thompson et al 
jlcohoon:	StatSoft,Inc / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al

skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

skkk9705:	Excoffier et al 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

skkk9705:	StatSoft 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

shruthikrish:	Thompson et al 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

shruthikrish:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

skkk9705:	StatSoft 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

skshenoy:	StatSoft,Inc 
skkk9705:	Perkin Elmer / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft

shruthikrish:	Thompson et al 
skshenoy:	Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford / Excoffier et al / StatSoft,Inc

skshenoy:	Excoffier et al 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford

skshenoy:	StatSoft,Inc 
shruthikrish:	Thompson et al / Perkin Elmer, Applied Biosystems / David Posada / Posada& Crandall / Swofford


a2008-02-WATERBIRDS
-------------------
luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al

skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al 
mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al / Nanogen

mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al 
skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al

mjsong1201:	Nanogen 
skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al

skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al 
brentbiglin:	Illumina / Nanogen

brentbiglin:	Illumina 
skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al

brentbiglin:	Nanogen 
skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al

skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al 
jcsick:	Nanogen

jcsick:	Nanogen 
skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al

skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al 
mrcyndns:	

skkk9705:	Price, A.L.et al 
shruthikrish:	

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al / Nanogen

mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al 
luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al

mjsong1201:	Nanogen 
luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
brentbiglin:	Illumina / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
brentbiglin:	Illumina / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
brentbiglin:	Illumina / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
brentbiglin:	Illumina / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
brentbiglin:	Illumina / Nanogen

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
brentbiglin:	Illumina / Nanogen

brentbiglin:	Illumina 
luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al

brentbiglin:	Nanogen 
luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
jcsick:	Nanogen

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
jcsick:	Nanogen

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
jcsick:	Nanogen

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
jcsick:	Nanogen

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
jcsick:	Nanogen

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
jcsick:	Nanogen

jcsick:	Nanogen 
luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson / Price, A.L.et al / Price, A.L.et al

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
mrcyndns:	

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
mrcyndns:	

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
mrcyndns:	

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
mrcyndns:	

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
mrcyndns:	

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
mrcyndns:	

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
shruthikrish:	

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
shruthikrish:	

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
shruthikrish:	

luculentdig:	Gulcher, J.R., Kristjansson, K., Gudbjartsson, H. & Stefansson 
shruthikrish:	

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
shruthikrish:	

luculentdig:	Price, A.L.et al 
shruthikrish:	

mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al 
brentbiglin:	Illumina / Nanogen

brentbiglin:	Illumina 
mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al / Nanogen

mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al 
jcsick:	Nanogen

mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al 
mrcyndns:	

mjsong1201:	Nanogen 
mrcyndns:	

mjsong1201:	Kutyavin, I.V.et al 
shruthikrish:	

mjsong1201:	Nanogen 
shruthikrish:	

brentbiglin:	Illumina 
jcsick:	Nanogen

brentbiglin:	Illumina 
mrcyndns:	

brentbiglin:	Nanogen 
mrcyndns:	

brentbiglin:	Illumina 
shruthikrish:	

brentbiglin:	Nanogen 
shruthikrish:	

jcsick:	Nanogen 
mrcyndns:	

jcsick:	Nanogen 
shruthikrish:	

