
10.1111%2Fj.1467-6419.2007.00527.x
-------------------
tonyli0409:	pasmatch2 
mrcyndns:	PSMATCH2 / Stata / nnmatch / Stata / psmatch2

mrcyndns:	nnmatch 
tonyli0409:	PSMATCH2 / Stata / Stata / pasmatch2


10.1111%2Fsjpe.12150
-------------------
tonyli0409:	cem 
slungu99:	Stata

tonyli0409:	Ebalance 
slungu99:	Stata


a2008-39-NAT_BIOTECHNOL
-------------------
shruthikrish:	GenePix3.0 
jcsick:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / Image J

shruthikrish:	GenePix3.0 
skshenoy:	BioDataFit / GenePix / Image J / BioDataFit / BioDataFit

skshenoy:	GenePix 
shruthikrish:	GenePix3.0 / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / Image J / BioDataFit

shruthikrish:	GenePix3.0 
mrcyndns:	Image J / GenePix / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit

mrcyndns:	GenePix 
shruthikrish:	GenePix3.0 / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / Image J / BioDataFit

shruthikrish:	GenePix3.0 
luculentdig:	BioDataFit / Image J

shruthikrish:	Image J 
mjsong1201:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0

shruthikrish:	GenePix3.0 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	Image J 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

shruthikrish:	GenePix3.0 
skkk9705:	Image J

shruthikrish:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

shruthikrish:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

shruthikrish:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

skshenoy:	GenePix 
jcsick:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / Image J

mrcyndns:	GenePix 
jcsick:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / Image J

raghu-achukola:	GenePix3.0 
jcsick:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / Image J

jcsick:	Image J 
mjsong1201:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0

mjsong1201:	GenePix3.0 
jcsick:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / Image J

jcsick:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

jcsick:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

jcsick:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

jcsick:	Image J 
brentbiglin:	

jcsick:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

jcsick:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

jcsick:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

skshenoy:	GenePix 
raghu-achukola:	Image J / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0 / BioDataFit / BioDataFit

raghu-achukola:	GenePix3.0 
skshenoy:	BioDataFit / GenePix / Image J / BioDataFit / BioDataFit

skshenoy:	GenePix 
luculentdig:	BioDataFit / Image J

skshenoy:	GenePix 
mjsong1201:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0

skshenoy:	Image J 
mjsong1201:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0

mjsong1201:	GenePix3.0 
skshenoy:	BioDataFit / GenePix / Image J / BioDataFit / BioDataFit

skshenoy:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	GenePix 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	Image J 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

skshenoy:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

skshenoy:	GenePix 
skkk9705:	Image J

skshenoy:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

skshenoy:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

mrcyndns:	GenePix 
raghu-achukola:	Image J / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0 / BioDataFit / BioDataFit

raghu-achukola:	GenePix3.0 
mrcyndns:	Image J / GenePix / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit

mrcyndns:	GenePix 
luculentdig:	BioDataFit / Image J

mrcyndns:	Image J 
mjsong1201:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0

mrcyndns:	GenePix 
mjsong1201:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0

mjsong1201:	GenePix3.0 
mrcyndns:	Image J / GenePix / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit

mrcyndns:	Image J 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	GenePix 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

mrcyndns:	GenePix 
skkk9705:	Image J

mrcyndns:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

mrcyndns:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

mrcyndns:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

raghu-achukola:	GenePix3.0 
luculentdig:	BioDataFit / Image J

raghu-achukola:	Image J 
mjsong1201:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0

raghu-achukola:	Image J 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	GenePix3.0 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

raghu-achukola:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

raghu-achukola:	GenePix3.0 
skkk9705:	Image J

raghu-achukola:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

raghu-achukola:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

luculentdig:	Image J 
mjsong1201:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0

mjsong1201:	GenePix3.0 
luculentdig:	BioDataFit / Image J

luculentdig:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

luculentdig:	Image J 
brentbiglin:	

luculentdig:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

mjsong1201:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

mjsong1201:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

mjsong1201:	BioDataFit 
brentbiglin:	

mjsong1201:	GenePix3.0 
brentbiglin:	

mjsong1201:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

mjsong1201:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

mjsong1201:	BioDataFit 
skkk9705:	Image J

mjsong1201:	GenePix3.0 
skkk9705:	Image J

skkk9705:	Image J 
mjsong1201:	BioDataFit / BioDataFit / BioDataFit / GenePix3.0

skkk9705:	Image J 
brentbiglin:	


a2004-40-NAT_GENET
-------------------
mjsong1201:	Ensembl v5.3.1 
raghu-achukola:	Ensembl / Ensembl / Ensembl

mjsong1201:	Ensembl v5.3.1 
shruthikrish:	Ensembl / Ensembl / Ensembl

mjsong1201:	Ensembl v5.3.1 
jlcohoon:	Ensembl


a2000-04-MOL_ECOL
-------------------
raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	biosys 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

luculentdig:	PAUP 
raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	collapse 1.0 tool 
raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	NTSYS-pc 
raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	sequencenavigator 
raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	paup 4.03b 
raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	modeltest 3.0 
raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

raghu-achukola:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

mrcyndns:	biosys 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

luculentdig:	PAUP 
mrcyndns:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	collapse 1.0 tool 
mrcyndns:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	NTSYS-pc 
mrcyndns:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	sequencenavigator 
mrcyndns:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	paup 4.03b 
mrcyndns:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

luculentdig:	modeltest 3.0 
mrcyndns:	biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys-1 / biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
shruthikrish:	biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

mrcyndns:	biosys-1 
jcsick:	biosys

luculentdig:	PAUP 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

luculentdig:	collapse 1.0 tool 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

luculentdig:	NTSYS-pc 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

luculentdig:	sequencenavigator 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

luculentdig:	paup 4.03b 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

luculentdig:	modeltest 3.0 
mjsong1201:	biosys / biosys

mjsong1201:	biosys 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

mjsong1201:	biosys 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

luculentdig:	PAUP 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	collapse 1.0 tool 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	NTSYS-pc 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	sequencenavigator 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	paup 4.03b 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	modeltest 3.0 
skshenoy:	BIOSYS

skshenoy:	BIOSYS 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

luculentdig:	PAUP 
shruthikrish:	biosys

luculentdig:	collapse 1.0 tool 
shruthikrish:	biosys

luculentdig:	NTSYS-pc 
shruthikrish:	biosys

luculentdig:	sequencenavigator 
shruthikrish:	biosys

luculentdig:	paup 4.03b 
shruthikrish:	biosys

luculentdig:	modeltest 3.0 
shruthikrish:	biosys

shruthikrish:	biosys 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

luculentdig:	PAUP 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	collapse 1.0 tool 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	NTSYS-pc 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	sequencenavigator 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	paup 4.03b 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

luculentdig:	modeltest 3.0 
skkk9705:	BIOSYS

skkk9705:	BIOSYS 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0

luculentdig:	PAUP 
jcsick:	biosys

luculentdig:	collapse 1.0 tool 
jcsick:	biosys

luculentdig:	NTSYS-pc 
jcsick:	biosys

luculentdig:	sequencenavigator 
jcsick:	biosys

luculentdig:	paup 4.03b 
jcsick:	biosys

luculentdig:	modeltest 3.0 
jcsick:	biosys

jcsick:	biosys 
luculentdig:	PAUP / collapse 1.0 tool / NTSYS-pc / sequencenavigator / paup 4.03b / modeltest 3.0


a2007-48-UNDERSEA_HYPERBAR_M
-------------------
mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
jcsick:	Microsoft Excel

jcsick:	Microsoft Excel 
mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
brentbiglin:	Excel

brentbiglin:	Excel 
mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
mrcyndns:	Microsoft Excel

mrcyndns:	Microsoft Excel 
mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
skkk9705:	Microsoft Excel

skkk9705:	Microsoft Excel 
mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
shruthikrish:	Microsoft Excel

shruthikrish:	Microsoft Excel 
mjsong1201:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

jcsick:	Microsoft Excel 
skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
jcsick:	Microsoft Excel

jcsick:	Microsoft Excel 
brentbiglin:	Excel

brentbiglin:	Excel 
jcsick:	Microsoft Excel

skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
brentbiglin:	Excel

brentbiglin:	Excel 
skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
mrcyndns:	Microsoft Excel

mrcyndns:	Microsoft Excel 
skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
skkk9705:	Microsoft Excel

skkk9705:	Microsoft Excel 
skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003 
shruthikrish:	Microsoft Excel

shruthikrish:	Microsoft Excel 
skshenoy:	Microsoft Excel Version 2003

brentbiglin:	Excel 
mrcyndns:	Microsoft Excel

mrcyndns:	Microsoft Excel 
brentbiglin:	Excel

brentbiglin:	Excel 
skkk9705:	Microsoft Excel

skkk9705:	Microsoft Excel 
brentbiglin:	Excel

brentbiglin:	Excel 
shruthikrish:	Microsoft Excel

shruthikrish:	Microsoft Excel 
brentbiglin:	Excel


a2001-40-MOL_ECOL
-------------------
jcsick:	AMOVA 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

mjsong1201:	collapse 1.0 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

mjsong1201:	amova 1.55 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

mjsong1201:	paup 4.03b 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

mjsong1201:	ABI Prism 377® 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

mjsong1201:	modeltest 3.0 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

raghu-achukola:	collapse 1.0 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

raghu-achukola:	paup 4.03b 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

raghu-achukola:	modeltest 3.0 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

raghu-achukola:	clustal 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

raghu-achukola:	GenBank 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

jcsick:	ntsys-pc 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

jcsick:	AMOVA 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

brentbiglin:	Collapse 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

jcsick:	statistica 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

jcsick:	AMOVA 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

shruthikrish:	collapse 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

shruthikrish:	clustal 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	ntsys-pc 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	MODELTEST 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	AMOVA 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

jcsick:	SEQUENCENAVIGATOR 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcynds:	ntsys 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

skshenoy:	collapse 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

jcsick:	AMOVA 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

skkk9705:	Collapse 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

jcsick:	ntsys-pc 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

jcsick:	statistica 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mrcyndns:	collapse 
jcsick:	PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / PAUP / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / Modeltest / ntsys-pc / MODELTEST / PAUP / statistica / AMOVA / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR

mjsong1201:	amova 1.55 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

mjsong1201:	ABI Prism 377® 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

raghu-achukola:	amova 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	clustal 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	GenBank 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

mjsong1201:	collapse 1.0 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	amova 1.55 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	paup 4.03b 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	ntsys-pc 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	ABI Prism 377® 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	modeltest 3.0 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

brentbiglin:	Collapse 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

mjsong1201:	collapse 1.0 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

mjsong1201:	amova 1.55 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

mjsong1201:	statistica 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

mjsong1201:	paup 4.03b 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

mjsong1201:	ABI Prism 377® 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

mjsong1201:	modeltest 3.0 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

shruthikrish:	collapse 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

shruthikrish:	clustal 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

mjsong1201:	PAUP 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mjsong1201:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mjsong1201:	collapse 1.0 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mjsong1201:	sequencenavigator 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mjsong1201:	amova 1.55 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mjsong1201:	paup 4.03b 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mjsong1201:	ntsys-pc 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mjsong1201:	ABI Prism 377® 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mjsong1201:	modeltest 3.0 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcynds:	ntsys 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

mjsong1201:	collapse 1.0 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

mjsong1201:	amova 1.55 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

mjsong1201:	paup 4.03b 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

mjsong1201:	ABI Prism 377® 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

mjsong1201:	modeltest 3.0 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

skshenoy:	amova 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

skshenoy:	collapse 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

mjsong1201:	collapse 1.0 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

mjsong1201:	amova 1.55 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

mjsong1201:	paup 4.03b 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

mjsong1201:	ABI Prism 377® 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

mjsong1201:	modeltest 3.0 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

skkk9705:	Collapse 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

mjsong1201:	collapse 1.0 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	amova 1.55 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	statistica 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	paup 4.03b 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	ntsys-pc 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	ABI Prism 377® 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mjsong1201:	modeltest 3.0 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mrcyndns:	collapse 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

mrcyndns:	amova 
mjsong1201:	PAUP / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / sequencenavigator / amova 1.55 / statistica / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / ABI Prism 377® / modeltest 3.0

raghu-achukola:	collapse 1.0 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	amova 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	paup 4.03b 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	ntsys-pc 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	modeltest 3.0 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	clustal 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	GenBank 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

brentbiglin:	Collapse 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

raghu-achukola:	collapse 1.0 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

raghu-achukola:	statistica 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

raghu-achukola:	amova 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

raghu-achukola:	paup 4.03b 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

raghu-achukola:	modeltest 3.0 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

raghu-achukola:	GenBank 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

shruthikrish:	collapse 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

raghu-achukola:	PAUP* 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

raghu-achukola:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

raghu-achukola:	collapse 1.0 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

raghu-achukola:	sequencenavigator 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

raghu-achukola:	amova 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

raghu-achukola:	paup 4.03b 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

raghu-achukola:	ntsys-pc 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

raghu-achukola:	modeltest 3.0 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

raghu-achukola:	clustal 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

raghu-achukola:	GenBank 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcynds:	ntsys 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

raghu-achukola:	collapse 1.0 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

raghu-achukola:	paup 4.03b 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

raghu-achukola:	modeltest 3.0 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

raghu-achukola:	clustal 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

raghu-achukola:	GenBank 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

skshenoy:	collapse 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

raghu-achukola:	collapse 1.0 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

raghu-achukola:	amova 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

raghu-achukola:	paup 4.03b 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

raghu-achukola:	modeltest 3.0 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

raghu-achukola:	clustal 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

raghu-achukola:	GenBank 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

skkk9705:	Collapse 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

raghu-achukola:	collapse 1.0 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	statistica 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	paup 4.03b 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	ntsys-pc 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	modeltest 3.0 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	clustal 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

raghu-achukola:	GenBank 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mrcyndns:	collapse 
raghu-achukola:	PAUP* / Modeltest / collapse 1.0 / statistica / sequencenavigator / amova / paup 4.03b / ntsys-pc / modeltest 3.0 / clustal / GenBank

brentbiglin:	statistica 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	ntsys-pc 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	clustal 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

brentbiglin:	Paup 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

brentbiglin:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

brentbiglin:	Paup 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

brentbiglin:	Collapse 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

brentbiglin:	sequencenavigator 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcynds:	ntsys 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

skshenoy:	amova 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

skshenoy:	ntsys-pc 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

skkk9705:	NTSYS-PC 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

brentbiglin:	statistica 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mrcyndns:	amova 
brentbiglin:	Paup / statistica / Modeltest / Paup / Collapse / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	ntsys-pc 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	sequencenavigator 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	collapse 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	clustal 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

shruthikrish:	paup 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcynds:	ntsys 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

mrcynds:	statistica 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

shruthikrish:	clustal 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

skshenoy:	amova 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

skshenoy:	statistica 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

shruthikrish:	clustal 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

skkk9705:	Statistica 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	ntsys-pc 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

shruthikrish:	clustal 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mrcyndns:	amova 
shruthikrish:	CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / CLUSTALW / ntsys-pc / sequencenavigator / modeltest / collapse / clustal / paup

mrcynds:	ntsys 
skshenoy:	modeltest / amova / ntsys-pc / collapse / statistica / sequencenavigator / paup

skshenoy:	modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skshenoy:	amova 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skshenoy:	ntsys-pc 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skshenoy:	collapse 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skshenoy:	sequencenavigator 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skshenoy:	paup 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcynds:	ntsys 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

skkk9705:	Paup 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skkk9705:	Modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skkk9705:	SEQUENCENAVIGATOR 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skkk9705:	Collapse 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skkk9705:	NTSYS-PC 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcynds:	ntsys 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mrcynds:	statistica 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mrcyndns:	paup 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcyndns:	collapse 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcyndns:	modeltest 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcyndns:	amova 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

mrcyndns:	sequencenavigator 
mrcynds:	ntsys / statistica

skshenoy:	amova 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC

skshenoy:	ntsys-pc 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

skshenoy:	statistica 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

skkk9705:	Statistica 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

skkk9705:	NTSYS-PC 
mrcyndns:	paup / collapse / modeltest / amova / sequencenavigator

mrcyndns:	amova 
skkk9705:	Statistica / Paup / Modeltest / SEQUENCENAVIGATOR / Collapse / NTSYS-PC


a2008-02-WATERBIRDS
-------------------
luculentdig:	EIGENSTRAT 
mjsong1201:	Centaurus

mjsong1201:	Centaurus 
luculentdig:	EIGENSTRAT

luculentdig:	EIGENSTRAT 
brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip / Centaurus

brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip 
luculentdig:	EIGENSTRAT

brentbiglin:	Centaurus 
luculentdig:	EIGENSTRAT

luculentdig:	EIGENSTRAT 
jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen)

jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen) 
luculentdig:	EIGENSTRAT

luculentdig:	EIGENSTRAT 
mrcyndns:	

shruthikrish:	EIGENSTRAT 
mjsong1201:	Centaurus

mjsong1201:	Centaurus 
shruthikrish:	EIGENSTRAT

shruthikrish:	EIGENSTRAT 
brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip / Centaurus

brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip 
shruthikrish:	EIGENSTRAT

brentbiglin:	Centaurus 
shruthikrish:	EIGENSTRAT

shruthikrish:	EIGENSTRAT 
jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen)

jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen) 
shruthikrish:	EIGENSTRAT

shruthikrish:	EIGENSTRAT 
mrcyndns:	

mjsong1201:	Centaurus 
skkk9705:	EIGENSTRAT

skkk9705:	EIGENSTRAT 
mjsong1201:	Centaurus

brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip 
mjsong1201:	Centaurus

mjsong1201:	Centaurus 
jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen)

jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen) 
mjsong1201:	Centaurus

mjsong1201:	Centaurus 
mrcyndns:	

skkk9705:	EIGENSTRAT 
brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip / Centaurus

brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip 
skkk9705:	EIGENSTRAT

brentbiglin:	Centaurus 
skkk9705:	EIGENSTRAT

skkk9705:	EIGENSTRAT 
jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen)

jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen) 
skkk9705:	EIGENSTRAT

skkk9705:	EIGENSTRAT 
mrcyndns:	

brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip 
jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen)

brentbiglin:	Centaurus 
jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen)

jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen) 
brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip / Centaurus

brentbiglin:	HumanHap300 Beadchip 
mrcyndns:	

brentbiglin:	Centaurus 
mrcyndns:	

jcsick:	Centarus(Nanogen) 
mrcyndns:	

